# Security

Security is handled by Dimple. The SIS security agency is deployed in units 1, 2, 4, and G4S is deployed in unit 3. The gate VMS system is linked with the HRMS system. 
### Developed in house
IT support is also in house. 
### Flow when a visitor comes to meet employee Joe
If Joe has punched in, then he will get an OTP when a visitor comes to meet him. 
#### The guard captures the following user data to enter in the VMS software
1. Visitor name
2. Contact number of visitor
3. Reason of visit
4. Name of company if applicable
5. Picture of visitor
6. These details are only required for one visitor. So if there are multiple visitors, only one person's details are required to get in.
##### The VMS software is error prone as it is a manual job
If a visitor came to meet Joe and the guard by mistake selected Jane in the software, then the OTP goes to Jane.
#### An OTP is generated by the guard manually using VMS software
This OTP is used to enter the premise.
##### There is no database for past visitors
So if a visitor came on Monday to meet Joe, then they have to register all their data, and when they come on Tuesday to meet Joe again, they have to enter the same data.
#### The monthly MIS report is generated through the VMS software in excel format and then given to management
##### If Joe has not punched in
Then he has to ask a colleague to generate the pass for his visitor. There is no facility for visitors for late employees.
#### A visitor can only be there for staff and upper employees
If a visitor comes to visit a worker for purposes like loan verification, then the pass is generated in the name of the HOD of the worker.
##### Problems
1. What if an important person came, and they talked to upper management about the meeting, and we don't want to treat that person as other visitors.
